docs: Updating dashboard set up (#393)
skip-mev/slinky: metrics.md

    * [HTTP Metrics](#http-metrics)
    * [WebSocket Metrics](#websocket-metrics)

> # Dashboard

Reviewer: we use 
- side-car
- side car 

in various places.  all should be "sidecar"

> The slinky repo contains a side-car grafana dashboard that can be utilized across deployments. The dashboard is designed to provide a high-level overview of the side-car's health and performance. The dashboard includes various panels that display metrics related to the side-car's health, price feeds, HTTP requests, and WebSocket connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The slinky repo contains a sidecar grafana dashboard that can be utilized across deployments. The dashboard is designed to provide a high-level overview of the sidecar's health and performance. The dashboard includes various panels that display metrics related to the sidecar's health, price feeds, HTTP requests, and WebSocket connections.
```

> The slinky repo contains a side-car grafana dashboard that can be utilized across deployments. The dashboard is designed to provide a high-level overview of the side-car's health and performance. The dashboard includes various panels that display metrics related to the side-car's health, price feeds, HTTP requests, and WebSocket connections.

Reviewer: Sometimes Grafana is capitalized, others not.  I think it should be capitalized throughout
